Document the spec.copyPolicyMetadata Policy field (#4812)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/manage_policy_def.adoc

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

When a {product-title-short} policy definition is deployed with OpenShift GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace. These copies are called replicated policies. To prevent OpenShift GitOps from repeatedly deleting this replicated policy or show that the ArgoCD `Application` is out of sync, the `argocd.argoproj.io/compare-options: IgnoreExtraneous` annotation is automatically set on each replicated policy by the {product-title-short} policy framework.

> For replicated policies to not show up at all in ArgoCD, you can set `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {product-title-short} policy definition to prevent labels and annotations added by ArgoCD for tracking to the {product-title-short} policy definition of being copied to the replicated policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArgoCD labels and annotates objects in order to track them. For replicated policies to not show up at all in ArgoCD, you can set `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {product-title-short} policy definition to prevent these ArgoCD tracking labels and annotations from being copied to the replicated policy.
```

> ArgoCD labels and annotates objects in order to track them. For replicated policies to not show up at all in ArgoCD, you can set `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {product-title-short} policy definition to prevent these ArgoCD tracking labels and annotations from being copied to the replicated policy.

Reviewer 2: I recommend the following minor update:

There are labels and annotations used by ArgoCD to track objects. For replicated policies to not show up at all in ArgoCD, you can set `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {product-title-short} policy definition to prevent these ArgoCD tracking labels and annotations from being copied to the replicated policy.
